W-14023536 filter by custom fields jh (#258)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-find-info.adoc

+
Lifecycle state can be stable, deprecated, or development.

* Custom field
+
Custom fields are specific metadata fields set by the administrator of a business group or organization owner.

Filter options appear when they are available within an organization.

=== Filter By Type, Organization, Category, and Lifecycle State

. In the Exchange landing page, select a filter option.
. To find an option from a long list, use the scroll bar or enter a search term.
. Click one or more options from the menu and click *Apply*. 
. To clear a filter option, click *Clear filter*.
. To clear all filter options, click *Clear all filters*.

=== Filter By Custom Fields

> Custom fields are created by Exchange administrators and organization owners using the Exchange API to extend the Exchange asset metadata model and add custom data to any type of asset. The custom field filter lets you refine a search using preset information.

Reviewer: I would add a link to [the custom fields page](https://docs.mulesoft.com/exchange/to-manage-custom-fields) here

> The custom field filter has the following data types:

Reviewer 2: The custom field filter does not actually "have" a data type. What it does is show a set of operators depending on the custom field data type. For example, when the custom field data type is `Text`, the filter shows operators that are valid on text fields, such as "equal" or "not equal".

[%header,cols="1a,1a,2a"]
|===

> |Data Type |Example Name for Data Type|Operator

Reviewer 2: In my opinion, the `Example name for data type` does not add useful information here

> |Enum|Contains and not contains. The default value is contains.

Reviewer: the "default value" doesn't add value in this context IMO, user will have it visible anyway

|Number|Quantity |Equals, not equals to, greater than, less than, greater than or equal to, and less than or equal to. The default value is equals.
|Date |Release Date |Equals, not equals to, greater than, less than, greater than or equal to, and less than or equal to. The default value is equals.
|Text|Team |Equals and not equals to. The default value is equals.
|List of numbers|Orders |Contains and not contains. The default value is contains.
|List of strings|Emails |Contains and not contains. The default value is contains.
|===

> Use preset operators to filter the search results. The values of the operators can be changed and customized. For example, you can select a date from the list of the values or add a date by entering a custom date in the defined format (YYY-MM-DD). The customized value shows in the list of options as freeform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use preset operators to filter the search results. The values of the operators can be changed and customized. For example, you can select a date from the list of the values or add a date by entering a custom date in the defined format (YYYY-MM-DD). The customized value shows in the list of options as freeform.
```

Author: Thank you, fixed the typo.

//screen capture to show the custom field operator and value

To filter a search using custom fields:

. In the landing page, click *Any custom field*.

> . Use the scroll bar or enter a name for the data type to find an option in a long list. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Use the scroll bar or enter the name of the custom field to find an option in a long list. 
```

+
Lifecycle state can be stable, deprecated, or development.

* Custom field
+
Custom fields are specific metadata fields set by the administrator of a business group or organization owner.

Filter options appear when they are available within an organization.

> === Filter By Type, Organization, Category, and Lifecycle State

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
=== Filter by Type, Organization, Category, and Lifecycle State
```

. In the Exchange landing page, select a filter option.
. To find an option from a long list, use the scroll bar or enter a search term.
. Click one or more options from the menu and click *Apply*. 
. To clear a filter option, click *Clear filter*.
. To clear all filter options, click *Clear all filters*.

=== Filter By Custom Fields

> Custom fields are created by Exchange administrators and organization owners using the Exchange API to extend the Exchange asset metadata model and add custom data to any type of asset. Assets can be filtered by custom fields to refine a search using preset information. The custom field filter is available only when assets in your organization have custom fields.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Exchange administrators and organization owners create custom fields using the Exchange API to extend the Exchange asset metadata model and add custom data to any type of asset. You can refine a search using preset information by filtering assets by custom fields. The custom field filter is available only when assets in your organization have custom fields.  
```

Reviewer 3: Suggestions to make more active. The first sentence has a lot going on.

For more information about creating custom fields for assets, see xref:to-manage-custom-fields.adoc[Manage Custom Fields].

Custom fields use the following data types:

[%header,cols="1a,2a"]
|===
|Data Type |Operator

> |Enum|Contains and not contains. 

Reviewer 3: If no cell is a full sentence, no periods for all.

|Number|Equals, not equals to, greater than, less than, greater than or equal to, and less than or equal to. 
|Date  |Equals, not equals to, greater than, less than, greater than or equal to, and less than or equal to. 
|Text |Equals and not equals to. 
|List of numbers |Contains and not contains. 
|List of strings |Contains and not contains. 
|===

> Use the preset operators to filter the search results. The values of the operators can be changed and customized. For example, you can select a date from the list of the values or add a date by entering a custom date in the defined format (YYYY-MM-DD). The customized value shows in the list of options as freeform. You can add as many custom fields as you need.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the preset operators to filter the search results. You can change and customize the values of the operators. For example, select a date from the list of values or add a date by entering a custom date in the defined format (YYYY-MM-DD). The customized value shows in the list of options as freeform. You can add as many custom fields as you need.
```

The following example shows the search filter with two custom fields:

> image:ex-custom-field-operator-value.png[20%,20%]

Reviewer 3: You need alt text here.

To filter a search using custom fields:

. In the landing page, click *Any custom field*.
. Use the scroll bar or enter the name of the custom field to find an option in a long list. 
. Select a custom field option from the list.
. If you want to change the operator, select a operator from the drop-down list. 
. Click *Select value(s)* and select a value for the operator from the list or enter a custom value. You can select more than one value.

> . If you want to add more custom fields to further filter the search, click *Add Custom Field* and select an option from the list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. To add more custom fields to further filter the search, click *Add Custom Field* and select an option from the list.
```

Reviewer 3: Suggest removing the preamble from the next few, too.

. Click *Save search*.
. Confirm that your search appears in the saved searches in the left navigation bar.
+

> . If you want to rename a saved search, click the three dots and select *Rename*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. To rename a saved search, click the three dots and select *Rename*.
```

> . If you want to delete a saved search, click the three dots and select *Delete*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. To delete a saved search, click the three dots and select *Delete*.
```
